Vova's review (#59)
DevExpress-Examples/XAF_Security_E4908: Benchmarks/README.md

# .NET App Security API Benchmark for EF Core and XPO 

## About the Project

> We built this project to test the performance of Object-Relational Mapping (ORM) libraries used with [XAF's Security System](https://www.devexpress.com/products/net/application_framework/security.xml). We tested two libraries:

Reviewer: Your message is correct

> We built this project to test the performance of Object-Relational Mapping (ORM) libraries used with [XAF's Security System](https://www.devexpress.com/products/net/application_framework/security.xml). We tested two libraries:

Author: ```suggestion
This project tests the performance of [XAF's Security System](https://www.devexpress.com/products/net/application_framework/security.xml). The same data management scenarios run with or without the security layer, so we can evaluate the security module's impact on application responsiveness. We use these benchmarks for our internal performance optimization efforts, and to demonstrate the library's low overhead to the developer community.  

We ran every test against two Object-Relational Mapping (ORM) libraries:
```

# .NET App Security API Benchmark for EF Core and XPO 

## About the Project

We built this project to test the performance of Object-Relational Mapping (ORM) libraries used with [XAF's Security System](https://www.devexpress.com/products/net/application_framework/security.xml). We tested two libraries:

 - [Microsoft Entity Framework Core](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/ef/core/) (EF Core)
 - [DevExpress eXpress Persistent Objects™](https://www.devexpress.com/Products/NET/ORM/) (XPO)
 
You can run the benchmarks on your computer or review our test results below. 

> We used [BenchmarkDotNet](https://github.com/dotnet/BenchmarkDotNet) to ... 

Reviewer: BenchmarkDotNet is de-facto standard and trustworthy tool for such tasks, like Visual Studio for .NET developers.

> We used [BenchmarkDotNet](https://github.com/dotnet/BenchmarkDotNet) to ... 

Author: How about this? 

```suggestion
To ensure valid test results, we delegate performance measurements to [BenchmarkDotNet](https://github.com/dotnet/BenchmarkDotNet) - a de-facto standard for such tasks.  
```

# .NET App Security API Benchmark for EF Core and XPO 

## About the Project

We built this project to test the performance of Object-Relational Mapping (ORM) libraries used with [XAF's Security System](https://www.devexpress.com/products/net/application_framework/security.xml). We tested two libraries:

 - [Microsoft Entity Framework Core](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/ef/core/) (EF Core)
 - [DevExpress eXpress Persistent Objects™](https://www.devexpress.com/Products/NET/ORM/) (XPO)
 
You can run the benchmarks on your computer or review our test results below. 

We used [BenchmarkDotNet](https://github.com/dotnet/BenchmarkDotNet) to ... 

## Run Benchmarks in Your Environment

You can download the project and run the benchmarks on a system different from the one listed in our Test Results section. You can also modify the data model and test cases: measure memory consumption, include scenarios with BLOBs, add reference or collection properties, and so on. 

Once you download the project, follow the steps below to run benchmark tests in your environment:

> 1. Download and run the [DevExpress Unified Component Installer](https://www.devexpress.com/Products/Try/) to add [DevExpress.Xpo](https://www.nuget.org/packages/DevExpress.Xpo/) and other libraries to project references.

Reviewer: It is is not that important, but you are free to mention DownloadManager for registered users, if you wish.

2. Edit the connection string in [App.config](../Benchmarks/XAFSecurityBenchmark/XAFSecurityBenchmark/App.config).

> 3. Update the ORM library and target framework versions, if necessary.

Reviewer: Your understanding and edit is fine

 **Source:** [DBUpdaterBase.CreateSecurityObjects](../Benchmarks/XAFSecurityBenchmark/XAFSecurityBenchmark/PerformanceTests/Base/DBUpdater/DBUpdaterBase.cs#L114-131)

### Initial Data

1) Tests that create new objects start with an empty database. The code cleans the database after every test iteration cycle.
2) Tests that load collections and modify data use the following prepared dataset: 
     - The database updater creates five test users specified by the [TestSetConfig.Users](../Benchmarks/XAFSecurityBenchmark/XAFSecurityBenchmark/PerformanceTests/Base/TestSetConfig.cs#L20) array.
     - For every User, we generate Contacts. The number varies with each test iteration (see graphs below). The [TestSetConfig.ContactCountPerUserToCreate](../Benchmarks/XAFSecurityBenchmark/XAFSecurityBenchmark/PerformanceTests/Base/TestSetConfig.cs#L21) array specifies the numbers for each test run.

>      - For every Contact, we generate Tasks. The [TestSetConfig.TasksAssigedWithContact](../Benchmarks/XAFSecurityBenchmark/XAFSecurityBenchmark/PerformanceTests/Base/TestSetConfig.cs#L22) and [TestSetConfig.TasksLinkedWithContact](../Benchmarks/XAFSecurityBenchmark/XAFSecurityBenchmark/PerformanceTests/Base/TestSetConfig.cs#L23) specify the number of Tasks assigned to and linked to the Contact, respectively. The database has 25K Contacts and 50OK Tasks.

Author: Property names should be renamed to `TasksAssignedToContact` and `TasksLinkedToContact`. Preposition "with" should be changed to "to". 

`The database has 25K Contacts and 50OK Tasks.`  I didn't understand this part. 50OK is obviously a typo, although I'm not sure what to correct it to. And then what do you mean by 25K Contacts? We described in the previous step that the number of contacts can change.

Reviewer: 500K and 25K are  correct  = 500 000 and 25 0000 objects of the Task and Contact types respectively.
These is a total number of records in the database

Author: А я всё равно не понял :-) 

Есть ссылка на свойства. Смотрю по ссылкам: 

`public static readonly int TasksAssigedToContact = 10;
 public static readonly int TasksLinkedToContact = 10;`

Сразу после этого мы пишем `The database has 25K Contacts and 500K Tasks.` Как это всё связано? И зачем мне знать про эти 25 тысяч и 500 тысяч, если для контакта создаются по 10 штук только. Они выбираются как-то случайным образом из этих тысяч?

Author: Как я понял, это максимальное количество (не константа). Ты говоришь 5000 контактов. Но, как я понял, прогоняются тесты для разных количеств:

`public static int[] ItemsForTestIteration = new int[] { 10, 20, 50, 100, 250, 500, 1000, 2500, 5000 };`

Да, я вижу, что есть другая строчка, на которую ссылается предыдущий пункт: 

`public static int ContactCountPerUserToCreate = ItemsForTestIteration.Max();`

Но это тоже не сильно укладывается у меня в голове. Если бы мы всегда делали Max(), то есть 5000 контактов, то как бы мы построили все эти графики, где меняется Item Count (я думаю, что это как раз Contacts per User) по горизонитальной оси?  У нас на графиках как раз показаны те самые 10, 20, 50, и так далее. То есть как бы 5000 есть, но это только самый последний прогон, как я понимал.

Reviewer 2: да есть массив, ItemsForTestIteration = new int[] { 10, 20, 50, 100, 250, 500, 1000, 2500, 5000 }
который говорит сколько в тесте читать записей.

Но база генерится под самый большой кес один раз. Так как это занимает время, а генерить постоянно данные новые нет смысла.

Получается, когда гоняют тест на 20 Контактов, то он читает из базы только 20, но в базе всё равно 5000 для данного юзера.
Это же ближе к реальным кейсам кастомеров, когда бызы у них очень большие, а данные надо читать порциями, иногда большего иногда меньшего размера.

Только тесты на создание гоняются на пустой базе.

 **Source:** [DBUpdaterBase.CreateSecurityObjects](../Benchmarks/XAFSecurityBenchmark/XAFSecurityBenchmark/PerformanceTests/Base/DBUpdater/DBUpdaterBase.cs#L114-131)

### Initial Data

> 1) Tests that create new objects start with an empty database. The code cleans the database after every test iteration cycle.

Reviewer: Your understanding and edit is fine
